README.md, before:

# UDP Communication ![ROS CI](https://github.com/continental/udp_com/workflows/ROS%20CI/badge.svg)
This package was designed as a generic package to assist with interfacing ROS with the UDP transport layer. It provides ROS Services for creating sockets, sending and receiving UDP data.

**Supported platforms/releases**:

| Platform                                                   | ROS Release                                                    |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Ubuntu 18.04 Bionic](https://releases.ubuntu.com/18.04.4/) | [ROS Melodic](https://wiki.ros.org/melodic/Installation/Ubuntu) |


There are two ways of utlizing this package:
- using the provided launch file and launching from the command line
  * ```roslaunch udp_com udp_com.launch```
- integrating into a custom project via source code

In either case, the udp_com package provides ROS services for interfacing with the UDP transport layer:
- **create_socket_service**: creates a UDP socket and creates an instance to receive/send data
- **send_service**: creates a ROS service to send data to a specific socket

Please [review the source code documentation](https://continental.github.io/udp_com/html/index.html) for more details on how the project is structured.

### Getting started
For anyone already familiar with ROS, please see how this package is [utilized and implemented in the hfl_driver package](https://github.com/continental/hfl_driver.git).

First, make sure your using the targeted platform and releases listed above.

Go ahead and clone this repo into your `catkin_ws`:
```
git clone https://github.com/continental/udp_com.git
```

Next, from your `catkin_ws` directory compile the source code:
```
catkin_make
```

After successful compilation source your newly generated workspace:
```
source /path/to/catkin_ws/devel/setup.bash
```

And now you should be able to run the `udp_com` launch file:
```
roslaunch udp_com udp_com.launch
```

Commit message:

Imported upstream version '1.1.2' of 'upstream'

README.md, after:

# UDP Communication ![ROS CI](https://github.com/continental/udp_com/workflows/ROS%20CI/badge.svg) [![ROS Buildfarm](http://build.ros.org/buildStatus/icon?job=Kdev__udp_com__ubuntu_xenial_amd64&build=9)](http://build.ros.org/view/Kdev/job/Kdev__udp_com__ubuntu_xenial_amd64/9/)
This package was designed as a generic package to assist with interfacing ROS with the UDP transport layer. It provides ROS Services for creating sockets, sending and receiving UDP data.

**Supported platforms/releases**:

| Platform                                                   | ROS Release                                                    |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Ubuntu 16.04 Bionic](https://releases.ubuntu.com/16.04.4/) | [ROS Kinetic](https://wiki.ros.org/kinetic/Installation/Ubuntu) |
| [Ubuntu 18.04 Bionic](https://releases.ubuntu.com/18.04/) | [ROS Melodic](https://wiki.ros.org/melodic/Installation/Ubuntu) |
| [Ubuntu 20.04 Bionic](https://releases.ubuntu.com/20.04/) | [ROS Noetic](https://wiki.ros.org/noetic/Installation/Ubuntu) |


### Quickstart

Make sure you have one of the above ROS distributions installed on your system.

Install like any other ROS package:
```
sudo apt-get install ros-<your-distro>-udp-com
```

### Getting Started
There are two ways of utlizing this package:
- using the provided launch file and launching from the command line
  * ```roslaunch udp_com udp_com.launch```
- integrating into a custom project via source code

In either case, the udp_com package provides ROS services for interfacing with the UDP transport layer:
- **create_socket_service**: creates a UDP socket and creates an instance to receive/send data
- **send_service**: creates a ROS service to send data to a specific socket

Please [review the source code documentation](https://continental.github.io/udp_com/html/index.html) for more details on how the project is structured.

### From source
For anyone already familiar with ROS, please see how this package is [utilized and implemented in the hfl_driver package](https://github.com/continental/hfl_driver.git).

First, make sure your using the targeted platform and releases listed above.

Go ahead and clone this repo into your `catkin_ws`:
```
git clone https://github.com/continental/udp_com.git
```

Next, from your `catkin_ws` directory compile the source code:
```
catkin_make
```

After successful compilation source your newly generated workspace:
```
source /path/to/catkin_ws/devel/setup.bash
```

And now you should be able to run the `udp_com` launch file:
```
roslaunch udp_com udp_com.launch
```


### Future work
We are currently working towards open-sourcing a ROS2 version of this driver with the same functionality. Star or watch this repo to stay updated on future releases.
